.\"    $​Id$
.\" Copyright (c) 2015, Mark Heily <mark@heily.com>
.\" All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\" 
.\" * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
.\"   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 
.\" * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
.\"   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
.\"   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
.\" DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
.\" SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
.\" CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
.\" OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
.\" OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\" 
.Dd December 26, 2015
.Dt ipc_connect 3
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm ipc_connect
.Nd connect to an IPC service
.Sh LIBRARY
libipc, -lipc
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.In ipc.h
.Ft int
.Fo ipc_connect 
.Fa "const char *service"
.Fa "int version"
.Fc
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Fn ipc_connect
function creates a persistent connection to an IPC service.
The service must have been previously registered via
.Xr ipc_bind 3
.
.Pp
It accepts the following arguments:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fa "const char *service"
The name of the IPC service.
.It Fa "int version"
The ABI version of the client.
.El 
.Sh RETURN VALUES
.Rv -std
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr ipc_bind 3 ,
.Xr ipc 7 ,
.Xr ipcd 8
.Sh ERRORS
In addition to the errors returned by the
.Xr bind 2
system call, this function may fail if:
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width Er
.It Bq Er ENOMEM
There is not enough memory to allocate data for the connection.
.El
.Sh AUTHORS
The
.Nm
daemon was written by
.An Mark Heily ,
.Mt mark@heily.com .